ah so this is my existential crisis in a
way so basically I was like scrolling
through Instagram and there were like
quite a few more butts
we have this saying in English we were
all young once you know we don't have a
saying for we don't say we were all
stupid once because you know what as
this life goes on you're not just gonna
be stupid once it's not gonna be once
it's not gonna be twice it's not gonna
be 10 times you get to be stupid again
and again and again no matter how wise
and experienced and worldly and saiful
you will have you don't die tomorrow
you're gonna have the sensation of being
stupid and reflecting on what it's like
to be stupid within the next two weeks I
guarantee it doesn't end it does not
stop but we were all young once right
because we treat ignorant and stupidity
as two different things but the problem
is what nags at us when we try to be
generous and considerate and positive
towards people who seem kind of dumb and
kind of ignorant we try to pretend that
it's not a choice because we all were
young once there was a time when being
ignorant wasn't something we chose it
was just something we were born into and
you know Kristen Leo is 28 years old
there's some age at which all those
excuses
have to stop there's some age at which
your ignorance isn't something you can
blame on the school system and is this
something you can blame on the way your
parents raised you when it's all on me
and it's all on you and that age comes
whenever you're willing to take on the
responsibility right it's not 26 and
it's not 28 and it's not 18 it's
whenever you're willing to face up to
the awesome horrifying responsibility
that
ultimately your education or your
enlightenment you're being stupid or not
you're being ignorant you're taking that
it is on you that no one else is ever
gonna be responsible but you all right I
listen to this [ __ ] from Kristin leo
I got sympathy sympathy I got sympathy
is an analytical tool I can look at our
whole situation as a 28 year old woman
who has somehow risen to fame by posting
pictures of her ass in a bikini on
Instagram who's not that this amazing
you like religious Epiphany this new
insight that the meaning of life and the
way to pursue political change is not
through posting pictures of your ass in
a bikini on Instagram you're about to
hear that from her own mouth in an in a
brief edit I understand she's turning
things around okay
the question I want you to ask yourself
as we as we watch this clip I'm gonna
come back and say a few more words the
end question I want Jess what was this
do you actually believe in education to
the extent that you think Kristen Leo
would be a better person or have a
better perspective on these issues if
she went to university and studied
economics if she went to university and
studied philosophy if she wants
University and studied political science
or politics or what-have-you this is not
the only embarrassing video in Kristen
Leo's new genre of being an ecological
and vegan lifestyle activist she's
become more political she's become more
politicized more radicalized more
feminist she's another video that's
utopia in the title through very hard to
watch they really are they're hard for
me to sit through okay but I sympathize
she's 28 20 years old and she's finally
facing up to what it would really mean
to be some kind of political leader or
activist here on YouTube but she has
done none of the reading she needs to do
and when I watch these videos I wonder
if she has ever read a newspaper in her
life but here's the thing I don't even
believe in our system of education to
that extent I've met people with PhDs in
economics and PhDs in politics who are
just as balefully ignorant and you
it's homogeneous christum leo I googled
the hell out of it I can't find any
indication and for having university
education I know she used to be a model
she used to be an airline stewardess I'm
not hating her but I've never seen any
reference to having university education
but you know it's possible it's possible
she has a degree in philosophy a natural
vegan has a degree in philosophy she
knows nothing about philosophy I meet
people all the time who are burdened
with for university credentials and they
probably look up to Kristin leo they're
probably the people leaving these
[ __ ]
comments on Kristin Leo's channel
telling us that she's a deep thinker and
she's a profound influence she's great
leader believe me that's out you can
just click on a channel and wow the
scariest part of all what you see
happening here on YouTube is here's this
great phrase I don't even know who I'm
quoting right the soft bigotry of low
expectations right the sense in which
these people and more often than not
it's women and more often than not it's
good-looking women more often not as
good-looking women of impregnable age
some reason it's not 65 year old women
they get all this positive encouragement
and feedback and nobody's ever seen them
have you [ __ ] read a newspaper in
your life have you read Aristotle have
you read Plato had look well have you
done the basic reading that a 28 year
old should do before making this YouTube
video stating your political manifesto
and your flaws which camp you sit back
and thought have you thought about why
it is these other people you criticize
their opinions are taken seriously and
respected and yours I have you who is
gonna put someone like that in check
who's gonna have that positive positive
most and and I sympathize because guess
what I have nobody like that in my life
right now at age 41 and I had nobody
like that in my life at age 28 or at age
21 when I was a teenager I had to be my
own teacher and my own guidance and my
own inspiration I had to read the books
and I decide that's not good enough I
had decided I was too ignorant I had to
go back to the library I had to set
standards for myself to aspire to I had
to set the target there was nobody
around to tell me that I was dumb and I
was ignorant and I was
when I was don't make me an ignorant
wrong and like I say you're young once
but you ain't stupid once you're gonna
be wrong again and again and again
you're gonna start off studying the
history of Cambodia and not knowing a
goddamn thing and you're gonna study the
history of Laos these are places I've
studied you're gonna study history of
Greece ancient Greece Iran agrees all
stuff I've studied okay you're gonna
fall down on your face you're gonna be
wrong again and again and again but
who's gonna give you that guidance
whether you think of it as a positive or
negative impetus to go back to the books
to learn better to do better to know
better and then be able to look back at
yourself say oh my god I was stupid oh
my god I was ignorant okay you're young
once you're only young once
Kristin leo you're 28 years old you're
out of excuses all the people who are
making excuses for you all of them those
are the people you should block on
Instagram those are the comments you
should delete on YouTube not the girls
you feel jealous of because they look
better than you when they're putting
their ass in a bikini on Instagram the
same goddamn way that you do yourself
and for some reason my feet had a lot of
butts but like a lot of bikini shots and
bucks and whatever I had to mute them
and I was thinking of how do we get
taken seriously then as women in a man's
world how do we play this game how do we
play along how do we hijack this and I
think it's definitely not through but
pictures on Instagram
that's for sure but I combined those two
thoughts in a way and it seems to me one
thing that I've noticed that all
powerful men do is they
in in no way have anything to do with
their appearance they do not promote
their appearance in any way they I've
never seen a successful man that has
ever in his life shown his butt cheeks
you know there's nothing wrong with
showing your butt cheeks and there's
nothing wrong with nudity and there's
nothing wrong with showing your tits on
Instagram if you are of age to do that
but nobody that has ever ruled the world
and controlled the world has shown their
butt cheeks on a public forum on social
media or on TV or in movies or in
anything and I feel like there is a
reason behind that we live in a very
conservative world so any expression of
sexuality is it kind of immediately do
takes power from you so this whole thing
that like Oh being nude and sharing it
online is empowering I feel like it does
the exact opposite of that not that
there's anything wrong with being
interested in your appearance I feel
like as a woman it's very hard because
we're all so damn beautiful it's very
hard to not be distracted by our own
beauty and want to share it with
everyone in the world and I get it your
butt cheeks are beautiful and your boobs
are beautiful and I get that you want to
share that with everyone else but if you
are a woman that wants to hijack all of
this and actually take part in changing
the world for the better you're not
doing yourself any favors if you're
objectifying yourself online I think and
I'm not saying this at all in the [ __ ]
mning way like I want to clarify this I
want a world where women and men and
everyone feels comfortable to share
their butt cheeks online but the way the
rules are right now it is it negatively
impacts you personally
and even I don't know maybe this is a
long shot but I think that it does also
have an impact on women in general and
the opinion that men have men in power
have about us and I think that this
isn't only useful for the women that
want to go out and and hijack the world
take over and then hijack the world but
I think it's also useful for for just
any woman in her life that wants to gain
more power why are we trying to focus so
much on our appearance when there's just
so much more important stuff that we can
be thinking about and doing and if we
are using social media to communicate
and organize ourselves why are we using
it to just show our butt cheeks but
really is not achieving anything the
battles for veganism are just beginning
I'm not satisfied with what you guys
call committee I'm not satisfied with a
bunch of self-indulgent middle-aged
people sitting around on Facebook giving
each other the thumbs up or you know I'm
not satisfied with a bunch of teenagers
on Instagram photographing their asses
in a bikini and saying they're changing
the world none of that does it for me
okay I want more can I have it today no
can I have it next year no am I gonna
see it before I die maybe looking at the
tools and the ways that men brought
themselves to power is something that we
should be copying and then eventually at
some point changing of course but right
now we got a copy then and we got to
look at what they're doing in order to
get to the same place that they are so
you know for me I guess I got a look at
what the YouTube channels are doing that
are the most successful on YouTube so I
got to do pranks
that is terrorized women
[Music]
so like sexist pranks I gotta I gotta
talk like this that was my best
PewDiePie impression but like I got a
look at what the YouTube dudes that are
succeeding on this platform are doing
and they're all sexist and they're all
offensive and rude and materialistic and
superficial and they're also like very
ignorant about everything a very racist
as well extremely racist Oh what else
are the dudes oh yeah they're funny that
really isn't what we need today and if
you want to keep doing that of course do
it and like congratulations on your
glorious butt cheeks but like I don't
want to look at them honestly and I
don't know why you want to put your butt
cheeks in my face because that's what it
is when when I put anything on social
media it's the equivalent of me taking a
photo or video and sticking it in your
face and being like look look look at
look at this you know and when I'm gonna
be this obnoxious person that is gonna
do this and shove things in your face it
might as well be something that's you
know something that you want to look at
and watch and listen to or you know and
and if that photo is just my butt cheeks
I've said the word butt cheeks way too
much but like if that's what the photo
is why am I taking this photo and
shoving it in your face this is so
awkward this is so weird and like when
you are doing that like why are you
doing that I don't want to I don't want
to look I don't want to look at your
body like good job on your beautiful
body but like I don't care I don't care
for it I'm not I'm not into it I don't I
like it like good job for having it but
I don't wanna look at it I sympathize
kristan leo I sympathize you made it to
28 years old and just now the
realisation is dawning on you that
showing your ass in a bikini on
Instagram is not the way to change the
world is not the way to save the planet
it's not the way to pursue political
change I get it I dig it you'd be better
for you if you
that out at 18 or even age 12 you're
figuring out right now at age 28 it's a
positive turning point in your life and
I wish you the best okay I have had a
turning point in my life also and and
looking at your video and you know I
popped in a brief clip of myself when I
was younger and more optimistic more
naive here maybe five years ago on
YouTube I've been coming on YouTube for
all this time I would say hey guys I
want to save the planet who else wants
to say but I care about ecology I care
about veganism I care about ethics let's
get organized let's let's let's change
the world let's see what we can do
people okay and that was wrong
my approach was wrong my approach was an
open door broad participatory approach
of saying hey let's see how much talent
we've got out here guys let's see who's
talented and focused and disciplined who
wants to get together and make the world
a better place and after five years I've
got to look back and say I had
completely the wrong approach because
there was no talent out there to be
discovered the ultimate scarcity is
human intelligence all right money
oxygen carbon dioxide soil water these
things are not scarce finding other
people who are intelligent focused who
can dedicate the time and energy to
making the world a better place and this
is the instance talent is scarce and
you're gonna meet some people who have
all the right characteristics they're
smart and focused and sane and
everything but they're raising two kids
so they're out of the game you're gonna
meet people and they're smart and
focused I remember I talked to a couple
different people that an elderly parent
they had a parent who had dementia or
was disabled or whatever like well all
my time goes into taking care of my 60
year old you know Mom or Grandma's and
they have some older brothers there are
reasons why the talent pool is even
smaller than it should be okay I should
have known I should have known before I
came on YouTube this is look you know
what maybe I knew it was wrong and I did
it anyway just because it's virtuous
just cuz it's the right thing to do it's
the right thing to come here on YouTube
and say hey I'm open to participating
with anyone and ever
any anyone out there send me an email
talk to me on skype let's get organized
let's let's get together make the real
place let's go to City Hall let's go to
Parliament let's make this happen let's
create you know all vegans complain that
petaa people the Ethical Treatment of
Animals is this terrible corrupt
organization doesn't do ok let's start
our own organization it's 2019 let's
have new blood new talent new initiative
let's get things started and that was
out here looking for a new talent but it
was fundamentally wrong because I didn't
want to face up to how scarce talent was
I had a great I had a great hint that's
the house go scarce talent really isn't
this game back when I was involved with
the Green Party of Canada all right I
used to go to these Democratic open door
inclusive participatory green party
meetings and you know who would turn up
Nazis you would meet literal Nazis who
supported Adolf Hitler and you would
explain to you why like Adolf Hitler's
position on ecology they would show up
at Green Party functions you know what I
mean at Green Party political events
communists lots and lots of [ __ ]
extremists Joseph Stalin supporting mass
murder supporting comments
that's who will show up crazy mentally
disabled people others people who are
living in Canada if you're disabled
enough you get a check from the
government any month those people the
people get a check in the government cuz
they're mentally disabled they will come
to Green Party events and they will be a
complete [ __ ] waste of your time and
you'll look around the room and think if
I'm trying to accomplish anything
politically for the sake of ecology or
veganism or animal rights or whatever it
is
all of these people discredit me and
there's no way I should spend my time
and my money trying to help them and
they're not going to help me they're
holding me back that's my [ __ ]
experience with the Green Party decades
ago so my experience when I went to
ecological animal rights veganism
functions here in Toronto whatever three
three four months ago now hey um it's
virtuous to come here on the internet
and say or pretend that you're you're
recruiting new talent you're open to
everyone you're gonna have this
foundation you're gonna have this
meeting you're gonna have this event and
all are welcome or that you're here on
YouTube and you're happy to reply to
email
from anyone everyone and you're not the
reality of what we need to do now in
2019 moving forward I never said this
before this isn't what I said in in my
video on communities is what I said I
manifest the video the reality is that
due to lack of talent we as a movement
have to go through a transitional phase
that will be openly elitist openly
conspiratorial openly close in the same
way that if you want to start a ballet
company you can't just come here on
YouTube and say hey I love the ballet
who else is with me who L hate get in
touch with me on Facebook get with
touching me on Instagram I don't want to
get all this talent together let's
create a new ballet company all right no
it is not possible that there's enough
talent and that there are enough
discipline people at a high level of
ability to perform ballet you can create
a new ballet coming that way you can't
create a new opera company that way all
right we need to go through a phase it
could take 50 years where we are
building up the talent we need to move
forward as improvement in a manner that
is openly elitist that's closed where
you say to people no I won't work with
you I'll only work with the best of the
best oh you're a Nazi [ __ ] you I don't
want to worry oh you're a communist [ __ ]
you oh you're mentally disabled I'm so
sorry hear that and let me tell you
something I get emails from mentally
disabled people to this day I have I
have a lot of people with Asperger's
syndrome and autism spectrum disorder
who really think it's worth their time
to send me harassing emails and applause
it's the question okay I some of the
stupidest people on the internet make it
their priority to write to me asking for
advice and some of you people are you
[ __ ] diagnosed I get questions from
people in university asking me why I got
a question in the day yo well I guess
the guy writes to me once asking or do
you think there's a difference between
the different translations of Plato and
Thucydides these classical Greek texts
or I didn't answer immediately because
I'm not a [ __ ] airplane and [ __ ] I'm
busy he writes back to my cuties like oh
I assume because you didn't answer my
question that there's just no difference
between the different what are you of
course there's a difference what do you
want you
me to break down for you the difference
between a good and a bad translation of
Plato what for your $1 donation on
patreon a month what the [ __ ] why are
you asking me that question of course I
had another guy writing to me oh hey you
know I really appreciate your expertise
about you know Asian languages so so you
know I'm going to Bombay I'm going to
India like like next week do you think
I'll have any problems with languages of
course you're gonna what the [ __ ] are
you thinking why you asking me do you
think there's a difference through
different translations of ancient Greek
philosophy in English do you think
there's a difference between do you
think there's do you think it's
difficult to communicate with people in
India if you don't speak a single anyway
great great question all right it said
ages ago I never wanted to make youtube
videos for the dumbest 60% of my
audience okay well if you want to be
successful that's exclusively what
you'll do that's also a Christian leo is
struggling with you will focus all of
your attention enemy energy on the
dumbest 80% of the audience was 20% no
nobody ever lost a fortune by catering
to the stupidest broadest section of the
mass market okay and if what you want to
do is recruit talent foster talent
trained talent work in an organized
systematic way that is this it's best
described as conspiratorial you have a
group of people an elite group of people
who want to put on a ballet or an opera
they're gonna be a closed group they're
gonna raise money in the way they raise
it they're gonna recruit talent the way
they recruit it they're not going to be
really accountable or transparent anyone
else until they're at a very late stage
of development where they're really
ready to move forward with the project
so I gotta look back now I gotta look
back on my old manifesto video on
community where I say I said even then
my time would be better spent if I'm
Jewish by blood if I spent my time if I
converted to Judaism and as you start
going to if I started building my
position in the Jewish community instead
of building my position in the vegan
community this community that doesn't
even exist that's not real the morning
anyway make my life better or my
daughter's life better so on and so
forth you know I already I already
talked that through at that stage I mean
and now what I have to say to you
even more so is
broad-based open participatory approach
to to just even recruitment to the
creation of a new movement to the
creation of a new foundation within a
movement I wanted even you know I wanted
to make a special little taskforce or
special little charity that just dealt
with leather not fur leather there
already are vegan groups dealing with
you know there are a lot of really
interesting there's lobbying that needs
to be done in public education gotta
take that mess with the government taken
this to the public there there are big
problems with leather not just the
animal cruelty also health effects so on
and so forth we got to move towards
facing leather out of that our society
but who do I need to work with not the
idiots we're going to send me email or
give me thumbs up on Facebook not the
people you're going to connect with by
posting a picture of your ass on
Instagram and not even tragically enough
the people you're gonna attract by
making YouTube videos talking about the
philosophy of Aristotle and Plato and
Socrates I'm sorry that's not the way it
happens
so we and when I say we I mean me I'm
talking about myself here we especially
me we have to learn to move in a more
elitist way if the people you want to
work with if the people you want to
recruit if the people you need to work
with as equals as partners for years in
close cooperation if those are gonna be
the kind of highly expert highly
disciplined people who can actually make
a difference in this world how do you
meet those people how do you develop the
friendships or the colleague ships that
again throughout history have been the
engine of political change
so again see occurrence Cristiano Leo
she asked this question and then she
completely loses track of her own
thoughts it starts talking about beauty
pot she starts to have a man who are
really in the elite mares look at the
personal life story of Napoleon
Bonaparte right his success depended on
his making friendships with his
cultivating you know colleagues of a
very finite number of highly talented
very eccentric people in Paris France at
that time when he wasn't on active duty
when he wasn't out slaughtering people
he went to Paris and he went to literal
tea parties he went to salons and he
drank tea with the right people and he
cultivated those friendships and that
trust and that's what let him make the
addition from being a military figure to
being a political figure all right it's
not easy to do and the type of celebrity
even on a small scale that YouTube
offers us that Instagram offers us that
facebook offers us and the money the
income even if it's small a couple
hundred bucks here and there it's a big
motivating factor for people right it's
intoxicating but ultimately it's a
completely self distracting me
it's a completely self-defeating
distraction for us as individuals who
aspire to be political activists and for
the vegan movement as a whole people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know